Fix for deadlock when many queries wait for responses (#3260)
AxonFramework/AxonFramework: docs/old-reference-guide/modules/queries/pages/query-handlers.adoc

Example: You have configured the `AxonServerQueryBus` to have 1 thread, and you have query A and B in the same application.
Query A calls query B. Because query A is waiting on a response of query B, and query B is waiting for a thread to free up, this has now caused a deadlock.

You can take different routes to remedy this:

1. Not chaining queries in this way, and instead duplicating the data locally based on the events.
2. Returning a `CompletableFuture` from your query handlers, and using `thenCompose` to chain the queries. This will free up the thread to process other queries.
3. Using the `localSegmentShortcut` configuration in the `AxonServerQueryBus` to prevent the second query from being sent over the network, and thus process it in the same thread.
4. Configure your distributed query bus to have more threads available. This will reduce the chance of a deadlock, but it will not prevent it.

=== Remote query handler

When calling a remote query handler from your query handler before Axon Framework 4.10.4,
a thread deadlock could occur in the same manner,
as processing the response of a query also required a thread.

> This was resolved in Axon Framework 4.10.4 by using a different thread pool to process the response of a query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This was resolved in Axon Framework 4.11.0 by using a different thread pool to process the response of a query.
```
